feat: Update operator docs (#858)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/node-operators/how-to/solve-frequent-issues.md

  [autoInstall.asset]
    name = "vega-linux-amd64.zip"
    binaryName = "vega"
```

> ## Problem: Error in the data-node `ERROR: out of shared memory (SQLSTATE 53200)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Problem: Data node `ERROR: out of shared memory (SQLSTATE 53200)`
```

> The error means a data node sent query to the data base that locks more items in single transaction than your PostgreSQL config allows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error means a data node sent a query to the database that locks more items in single transaction than your PostgreSQL config allows.
```

> You can usually see the simillar error in the data node logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can usually see a similar error in the data node logs:
```

```
vega data node stopped with error: failed to flush subscriber:flushing ledger: failed to copy "ledger" entries into database: ERROR: out of shared memory (SQLSTATE 53200)
```

### Solution: Update the max_locks_per_transaction parameter in the PostgreSQL config

> 1. Update your PostgreSQL config file(usually the config is located at `cat /etc/postgresql/14/main/postgresql.conf`). Change the max_locks_per_transaction to a bigger number 256 or more.
> 2. Restart your PostgreSQL server
> 3. Start your data-node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update your PostgreSQL config file. This is usually the config is located at `cat /etc/postgresql/14/main/postgresql.conf`). Change the max_locks_per_transaction to a bigger number, such as 256 or higher.
2. Restart your PostgreSQL server
3. Start your data node.
```
